Let's see what's next.
Looks good to me.
All right.
And you can always put comments at the top here you can say below is our annual income statement knows
the trend in whatever if you want.
OK so in Italy that's to get rid of that would you print the annual income statement to cut
paste.
Look at that.
That is awesome.
All right.
And we're going to go here.
Pay special
good luck.
That's fantastic.
And then what I can do is I can paint brush.
Or another way is to go here to shadow there good looking great man.
That's what I'm talking about.
And school look beautiful once we turn off that little paragraph mark there too.
Nice.
Really really good looking.
That's a good looking chart there.
Go back here.
Get rid of page mark.
Now we do quarterly Balochi.
And what we'll do is delete.
That's chance.
Get rid of that.
Copy this again cut.
Go back here.
There we go.
Need is that.
I love that.
OK hopefully all this data fits.
Anyway back here.
We're going to go paste the score here.
The second line paste special as a picture good good it fit.
And you can make your margins a little bit wide if you want to.
And some of you might be using full scapular that legal long sheets that you had on final exams makes
me nervous.
Has it come about.
But you know I'm talking about you can use that if you want or you can just hide certain columns whatever
you're called.
All right.
Oh I almost forgot the shadow picture format.
And you can do this all at the end.
Right.
So actually I'm not going to shower with the rest of them to show you a trick on how to do it faster.
OK.
We'll come back to shattering later.
Next up we've got the annual balance sheet.
Get rid of this or just I mean to replace it with other.
I mean did cut and that's going to highlight that one.
I'll show you.
There we go.
Good copy.
Never cut copy pace.
Meshell good.
All right we're cooking.
Nice.
All right.
And then here get rid of this.
Now we're doing quarterly cash flow statement
cut.
Remembering to come back and paint brush in minute was quietly there copy don't cut copy.
Second line has to be consistent and obsolete.
So it doesn't push this.
Next Page pastes picture good looks good up.
It's not perfect.
So here's what we can do.
If you want you can make this a little bit smaller there or make it a little bit wider here so I can
make a little wider outlooks for us.
And yeah that will impact all of these but I don't care because I already copy those copy again.
Get rid of that paste special as a picture.
I'm such an idiot.
I'm not going to edit that out even.
OK.
So I can highlight all of this again or I can go it or it recognize.
Copy paste as a picture.
Good.
OK that's better.
Great.
OK.
And we'll come back and we'll shatter that later.
GARRETT That's bad I would swear now on the cash flow statements cuts.
And then I'm going to paste this here.
Now this tagging is making sense.
This is the last one.
Get a copy and then I can go here and then I'm going to paste as a picture worked.
Fantastic.
All right.
Great.
And you don't have to mention the currency because at the very top here of the financial section and
I will shadow it a second I promise.
But here at the top of the financial section you'll see almost there all data is in Gibraltar pounces.
Turn that off now.
OK great.
OK good looking good.
All right.
And I will fix the footer in a second.
I mean the head.
Yeah.
I mean I'll change back to the other sections Akten in a second you'll see what I mean.
Just to make it more narrow instead of wide like this.
OK.
Now here's where you do.
So I get a double click on this picture painter so I can paint multiple times.
I just double click there
one shadow to show how fun is this.
Three shadow if you can't read all that stuff you can always just just take a certain year and make
it wider.
The image for Shadow was foreshadowing.
I know that will stop them.
OK we're done.
Good.
All right.
Great.
We are done with this.
Looks great.
So amazing.
Look at that.
Incredible All right.
So cool.
So what I'll do is in the next lecture I will show you the appendix and I will put it back.
I'll keep you can either keep it in landscape mode if you have wide dependencies which you probably
don't you probably have resume's which are more porous oriented but in the next lecture I'll show you
how to change this section out a new section break so we can have portrait instead of landscape and
notice that landscape didn't impact the portrait up here is a new section.
OK so again the next Lesher I'll explain how to do the appendix next.